This system serves as android phone-based technology to track the culprit with the geographical identification of the incident. The system architecture comprises the power supply, Arduino, temperature sensor, GPS, panic button acts as a input to the device. Arduino UNO is a microcontroller which has built in RAM and ROM and built-in memory space. It is used for mobility purpose. GPS gives the information about the latitude and longitude of the victims location. Panic button is a electronic device which are used in emergency situation to alert someone when the victim is in danger. The users are required to submit personal details such as email id and emergency contact numbers. The users can configure their own list of contacts including close relatives and friends. At the time of any critical incidents our application will 
save the women by intimating the nearby police station to rescue her and also it will give information to her family. Whenever any lady or women is in serious problem they press the panic button and which is sensed by the Arduino the buzzer senses and raises the alarm parallel since it is connected to GPS which helps to intimate to nearest police station through the WiFi module this data is sent to the cloud server. 

The system architecture comprises the power supply, Arduino, temperature sensor, GPS, panic button acts as a input to the device. When the women is in danger she presses the panic button and the device starts. The device gets activated when an individual call for help. The device is turned ON manually by the women, when button is pressed in particular abuse. The Arduino will get activated when it receives signal from pushbutton. It triggers the temperature sensor and the GPS which reads the body temperature of the person and the GPS tracks the location and the message will be sent to the registered contact number and the police station. Alternatively the buzzer will ON and makes the sound so that the nearby people will get attention to the place where the person is in danger.

From the above survey, we analyzed that GPS can be used to track only users nearby locations and can only send alert SMS to limited people. In the existing system, there is a buzzer which alerts people when they are in danger, and mobile app ensures the safety of women by using a buzzer system to send alert SMS, the user will share location to their family members and send the text message. The GPS sends message automatically to the nearby police station and relatives by tracking their location. This may help women to move freely wherever she wants.
